# Main Quest

The main quest in its most basic terms is a fancy and extensive fetch quest that revolves around the #PC bringing ingredients and items to #The_Witch  so that they can be turned human again. The reasoning behind this transformation is going to either be some form of trespassing and destruction of property bit, or the more likely option because I think it'll work better for story purposes is #PC breaks into the witches house to steal one of her magic tomes to learn the secrets of #The_Monster_Realm  and its magic. 

# Exploring the openings for both options

Option 1. #PC makes their way to #The_Monster_Realm  via some form of magic/teleportation/or some other high jinks, where they would then somehow incontinence #The_Witch , she would, displeased with the #PC's actions turn you into a monster. The #PC unable to return to the human world as monsters aren't allowed in human life, (Hotel Transylvania type shit). Moving further from the base instance of being turned into a monster your character wishing to return to the human world with their findings would then complete the fetch quest shit the witch asks of you to turn her back, living among monsters and hopefully bettering the town throughout your exploits to gain these items. Overall this as an opener/reason for the story is *fine* but that's kinda about it, it's dry un-fleshed-out  and a bit simplistic and clashes with a few character ideals. So most likely this one won't be the one we go with, but it's important to look at all options even if they are just our first drafts.

Option 2. (the one I'm currently more fond of) #PC  a lover of monsters and magic wishes to learn the most they absolutely can about these supposed "mythical beings" , they're supposed to not be real, they're supposed to not exist but that's not what the forums you visit and interact with say. You are determined to find and see a real monster, use real magic, and show the world that what lurks in the shadows while real, aren't scary, and that leads you to Dusk Glow Forest the pinnacle of monster sightings. You're certain that you'll see something find someone, learn the secrets of the monster world, they're real you just have to prove it. Upon your entry into the forest the crisp cool breeze nips at your face from behind your wool scarf, your camera at your waist, boots muddied from previous forest treks, and your backpack filled with survival essentials you begin your adventure.  Crisp leave crunch beneath your feet, twigs and branches snapping here and there you press on towards the hope of capturing a glimpse of something amazing. Hours into your hike you finally see 