# Juliet Kennedy 
## Details
Monster type: Undead: Zombie
Age: 26
Birthday: Mid Sol 14
Gender: AFAB, identifies with assigned gender
Pronouns: She/Her/
Occupation: College Student: While alive major was Nursing, now undead her major is now horticulture, She works on weekends at the Clinic as a nurse.
Hobbies: Cheer, Dance, Cultivating plants (Specifically flowers), Forensic Anthropology
Dreams for the Future: To breed new hybrid flower species to sell them in arrangements she makes and work on her graveyard garden enough to cultivate a Midnight Lily
Likes:  Flowers, Dancing, Rabbits,  Low Temperature, Dirt, Horticulture 
Dislikes: Bugs, Alcohol,  Heat, Hot liquids and foods, Hair Dye, Snakes
Strengths: Green Thumb (literally hehe), Very Friendly almost to a fault, Strong sense of justice 
Weaknesses: Clumsy, Naive, Slightly ditzy, Prone to loosing limbs, Forgetful, Distrustful of men/male presenting people
Simplified Personality: On the surface Juliet could be seen as the ditzy cheer leader trope from other medias, but a look deeper into her reveals her strong sense of justice, her sweet at caring demeanor, and her willingness to preserve despite not being used to her zombie body despite its hardships and missing memories. Overall an optimist who is constantly striving to improve herself and the world around her.
Friends:
Family: Juliet has no actual undead family but rather she lives with another zombie villager how has taken her under his wing, a 36 year old zombie named (undecided resident evil reference probably lol)

### Favorites
Color: Pink
Flower: Lily
Animal: Rabbits
Holiday: Fall Festival 
Weather: Originally warm summer days when she was alive, but now that she’s undead the heat isn’t great for her undead body. Clear Cool Days are her now favorite weather
Season: Originally Summer when she was alive, but now that she’s undead the Summer heat is too harsh on her undead body to be out for long periods of time. Fall is her current favorite season



## Personality 

Juliet is a young energetic and bubbly newly turned zombie, she loves making new friends and showing people her flowers, everyday is a great day to start with a smile in Juliet's eyes. The world is harsh and unforgiving but she knows that the people in her life and the flowers in her garden will always be there for her if she has a bad day. 

If I were to rank her personality into some kind of stat chart it would probably look something like this (10 being their highest 0 being their lowest): Rude: 0, Cold: 1, Stern: 2, Shy: 3, Somber: 4, Reserved: 5, Silly: 6, Warm: 7, Chipper: 8, Kind: 9, Chatty: 10.

Juliet is kind and bubbly, excited to talk to most anyone until her ear falls off, she does have some apprehensions though, due to past trauma and events Juliet has a distrust of AMAB and male presenting individuals, while she won't be outright rude to someone just because they present as male she does have a comfortable amount of distance she likes to maintain with them before interacting on more regular basis's, along with this it takes her longer to warm up to male presenting individuals and is a lot more likely to very kindly dismiss interactions with the player if they are male presenting. (Example in "Example, Ex 1. & Ex 2."). Details about this and the decisions around Juliet's dialogue are found in: Notes>Dialogue alterations>Notes>Juliet's alterations.  Beyond these differences she shows with masc players, Juliet when fully comfortable with the #PC Juliet loves chatting, sending letters, and showing her appreciation of the #PC through giving them flowers she grows sometimes. 

### Example

Ex 1. Juliet interacts with a Fem or NB #PC : An example of this would be if the #PC attempts to interact with Juliet directly whilst in her garden, under the circumstances of the #PC interacting with Juliet first rather than Juliet attempting to talk to the #PC on her own she is far more likely to have altered dialog depending on the #PC 's presentation (actions I've determined for the player in this scenario instead of there being dialogue options): #PC (Fem or NB presenting): Hello Juliet! , Juliet: Oh hi #PC! I was just doing some work on my garden! I love my plants but gosh do I hate bugs, eugh, they're so icky. What's up? , #PC (Fem or NB presenting): Nothing much, I just wanted to chat!  , Juliet: That's always fun isn't it! I love talking heh, woof, these plants are giving my gloves the once over would you mind grabbing my spare pair from my garden shed? , #PC Sure thing. *you brings Juliet her backup gloves* , Juliet: Thanks so much! Here take a look at this! *Juliet holds in her hands a small and delicate seedling, its petals barely budding and roots like thread, it shimmers in the cool sunlight* This is a Moonlight Tulip, it's a rare breed of flower that grows this time of year! This ones just starting so its roots haven't taken hold yet, I'll set it down over here, don't wanna stress it out. Neat huh? , #PC : So cool! I'd Love to know how to grow one! , Juliet: Oooo they're tough ones, but if you work at them and make sure they stay well cared for you'll end up with a beautiful harvest! I'll Show you some time! , #PC : I'd love that! , Juliet: Great! it's a date then , when I'm less busy find me later and we can chat all about it! 

Ex 2. Juliet interacts with a Male or Masc presenting #PC : An example of this would be if the #PC attempts to interact with Juliet directly whilst in her garden, under the circumstances of the #PC interacting with Juliet first rather than Juliet attempting to talk to the #PC on her own she is far more likely to have altered dialog depending on the #PC 's presentation (actions I've determined for the player in this scenario instead of there being dialogue options): #PC (Male or Masc presenting): Hello Juliet! , Juliet: Oh hi #PC I was just doing some work in my garden! I love my plants but gosh do I hate bugs, eugh, they're so icky. Did you need something? , #PC : I just wanted to chat! , Juliet: Oh I see, *Juliet looks back and forth eyeing her surroundings before looking back at you* , ... , one sec I gotta get something from my shed for the plants I'm working on! *She smiles gets up from her knees, dusting the dirt from her uniform before wandering of to her shed* ... *She returns with a small pair of plant clippers, a trowel and a new set of gloves* , Got it. , #PC : What are you working on there? , Juliet: Oh this? *she turns to you trowel in hand with a small seedling in the other, its barely budding with roots like thread, the bud shimmers in the cool sunlight* It's a Moonlight Tulip! They're a rare breed of flower that grows this time of year! This ones just starting so I'll set it done over here, don't wanna stress it out. Neat huh? < #PC : So cool! I'd love to learn how to grow one! , Juliet: Oooo they're tough ones, but if you put in the work and make sure they stay well cared for you'll end up with a beautiful harvest. *she inches back subtly* If you want I can send you a letter with my notes on them! #PC : I'd love that! , Juliet: Great! I'll start writing you a bit later just as soon as I'm less Busy! 

With both interactions Juliet will talk to the player and give them the same "end" the differences in dialog are subtle and no actual gameplay will be lost, you wont be penilized for being male/masc presenting, it just alters how she interacts with you. In the case of the letter Juliet will state in the letter that "Here's my notes #PC ! I hope their legible :) If they're not come find me by my garden! I can help you in person then you won't have to rely on my crappy notes" , Fem and NB players will receive the notes after the meeting with Juliet in a different letter thanking them for hanging out. When hanging out with Juliet male/masc players will see in the corner of the cutscene that "The Dryad" one of Juliet's Male friends is up in the upper left of her garden helping with weeding, in the fem and NB cutscene "The Dryad" won't be present. "The Dryad" genuinely provides nothing to the cutscene other than a visual indication of Juliet's apprehension around new male/masc people. These apprehensions will fade over time indicating trust in the player, and she will regard you the same no matter your presentation after a certain level of friendship. 
## Backstory 

Synopsis: Juliet was an average college student, with decent grades, great friends and a love for cheer and her school. One night where Juliet was tasked as the designated driver and “mom friend” of a group of 4 of her girl friends going to a party. Juliet arrived late to the party finding 3 of her 4 friends already drunk, when inquiring where the 4th went she was told that her friends Jennifer had walked off with a member of the football team to the drinks table. Juliet made her way to the table and saw no sign of her, so  feeling the pit in her stomach grow she began checking rooms. All the rooms she came across where empty until she was at the second to last door, pressing her ear to the door she heard hushed voices, alarmed she pushed the door open to see Jennifer unconscious on the bed with 2 men standing beside the bed. She took hold of the situation and seeing that nothing had seemed to have happened yet something was about to. She stepped backwards bumping into a large man’s chest. The quarterback, she had bumped into the quarterback, he shoved her down as she fell her head hit the dresser corner before falling and smashing into a pile of weights. The last thing she heard before passing out was “We have to get rid of her, that’s Juliet Kennedy you fucking morons”. Fading in an out of consciousness in the back of a car with a hand placed against her neck gripping tight, the boys stopped the car opened the doors and dragged her to the edge. Bickering between the boys continued before the quarterback grabbed her firmly by the neck off the ground raised her and squeezed one last time before throwing her into the rainy abyss below the cliff. Juliet’s body was found several days later by the witch (undetermined name) whilst she was out herb hunting in the forest. Feeling sympathy and sorrow for the young girl she brought her corpse pack to Dia Luna and buried her in her backyard. She cared for the grave placing flowers there everyday as well as nurturing the surrounding soil with herbs and roots from her concoctions. Until one day whilst tending the the lilies by Juliet’s grave the ground broke open a partial decomposed hand sprouting from the soil like a flower. Juliet had returned and clawed her way out of the soil with the witches help. The witch excited that she had created a zombie from such a long dead corpse was ecstatic about Juliet and showed no hesitation in helping her build her new life in Dia Luna.
### Full story:
Juliet is a semi newly turned zombie, who originally was your typical college girl, part of a sorority, working towards her degree in nursing, planning events centered around her adult cheer squad and enjoying time with her friends at parties and school events. She was well known around her campus a puller of positivity and encouragement, who was very involved with the school. Juliet story starts out on a day like any other for her, she’s finished classes for the day and is getting ready for a party her friends were invited to to be their designated driver and mom friend of the party. After arriving at the party Juliet met up with 3 of her 4 friends to check in on them, they were all quite tipsy and didn’t know where their fourth went. Juliet learned from her friend Katlyn that the missing fourth friend Jennifer had been last seen walking towards the drinks table with a member of the football team. Juliet made her way through the party searching for Jennifer getting more and more worried each corner she durned and eat each door she checked. Until she came upon one of the final doors in the hallway. Behind this door were hushed voices in low tones, Juliet braced herself and pushed the door open to see Jennifer passed out on the bed  with 2 larger men standing beside her. Her eyes darted around the room taking hold of the situation at hand, she realized while nothing had happened yet something was about to and she needed to get out now, someone had to know, she had to tell someone. Falling backwards out of the door she bumped into the large chest of the fourth member of this group. Juliet whipped her head back to meet the gaze of the quarterback who then proceeded to shove her to the ground. As her head fell her head landed on something hard, which went from dry to something warm, something wet. The room spun, her head felt hot she heard whispered shouting between the players about what to do about her. The room slowly turning darker and darker as she heard the last words out of the quarterbacks mouth “ We need to get rid of her, that’s Juliet Kennedy you fucking morons.” Her head felt warm and wet against the cold leather car seat hushed whispers coming from the two boys in the front seat speaking to an overpowering presence holding her neck down in the backseat.  The boy driving was speaking to the person in the back seat, “My dads gonna kill me those seats are real leather Marcus.” He turned his head back to meet Juliet’s eyes halting his speech before taking a sharp inhale


# Cutscenes 

## Early Game
Don’t know how we are gonna implement these just yet but one of the first ones I want the #PC  to experience after meeting Juliet. The #PC  will come across Juliet in her garden where she will call the #PC  over. “ Hey! #PC !” She waves her right arm in the air slightly vigorously excited to see the #PC and potentially make a new friend.  If the #PC chooses to interact with the cutscene, it will begin for real. In the middle of her waving her arm would snap off and fall into the creek next to her flower patch floating slowly towards the #PC.  Both Juliet and the #PC will be shocked by this and Juliet will begin speaking to the #PC with her shocked portrait “Whoops!”  Next dialogue box with her embarrassed portrait “Hey sorry, you mind grabbing that for me?” The #PC can choose between three dialogue options “Your arm came off!!!” Or “Was that your arm that just fell in the creek?” Or “Ah! Ew I’m not touching that!” For all options Juliet will respond by standing up with a slight wobble and then continue forward with the following dialogue depending on what the player has said, If the player chooses “Your arm came off!!!” Juliet will respond “Hey, Hey! Don’t worry it’s fine! I can just snap it back on!” With a sheepish smile. If the #PC chooses “Was that your arm that just fell in the creek?” Juliet will respond with “Yeah… It happens more often than I’d like to admit…” Again with a sheepish smile. For both of these respective options she will prompt the #PC with the  question “ so could you lend me a hand?” Whilst waving her other hand. The #PC will the walk towards the disembodied arm and pick it up and walk it over to Juliet where she will take the arm and snap it back on before  smiling and saying “Thanks so much #PC! You really know how to lend a hand! “ which she will say whilst wiggling her disembodied right hand around with her left. If the #PC responds with “Ah! Ew I’m not touching that!”  Juliet will be initially stunned with a shocked expression remarking “!!!” Before composing herself and saying with a lightly shocked expression “Ah.. Heh yeah I’d have probably said the same thing back when I was human”  before moving towards her fallen arm to pick it up by herself without the players aid.
After this the outcome of the cutscene will result in the same tutorial from Juliet just with different dialogues depending on the #PC choices. If the #PC has chosen any of the options that helped Juliet, she will smile to the #PC and say “Hey, I’ve got somethin’ to show ya! Come here” be for walking back to her flowerbed and explaining some gardening or flower tutorial to the #PC . If the #PC  chose the grossed out option Juliet will sigh and say “ Hey, I know my arms a bit gross but… I’ve got something to show ya that isn’t!” Where she’ll walk over to her flower bed and proceed to give the #PC a gardening or farming tutorial.  After the tutorial has been read Juliet will state finally regardless of previous options  Juliet will smile at the #PC and say “Neato huh? I’ll let ya go for now, but I’d love to talk plants with ya later!” She smiles brightly “See ya around!”


- “Hi”